his first season as head coach here at
Texas Tech coach Kliff Kingsbury had
quite the quarterback roller coaster
when it came down to two true freshmen
leading the Red Raiders throughout the
entire 2013 season fast forward though
into 2014 and the Iranian Holiday Bowl
MVP has more than locked up what seems
to be the number one spot heading into
fall camp but also insert the backup
freshman Patrick mahomes out of White
House and coach kingsbury could not be
more pleased with where the quarterback
position sits heading into the season
opener against Central Arkansas pagar el
pago cool before the pool having an
established leader and established guys
went back you can really help me coach
those guys up on a daily basis we will
be fun Davis he's mastered the system
he's got it down and patrick has a
tremendous amount of playmaking ability
I'm still Rolla still young so trying to
run off fence but excited to watch him
grow and things he can do think he was
to be as great he asked me a lot of
questions you know how does it play as a
freshman you know a skosh keys made a
lot of questions as always a true
freshman there's growing pains but Pat's
a guy who's supremely talented can run
around extend plays a young guy that
it's good to have that much room Thanks
a great kid and and really it's been fun
to watch our whole team kind of rallied
behind and everybody's on the same you
know path the same training pulling
behind him and he's worked extremely
hard he leads by example and he'll let
them know vocally to when they're not
doing something right but I've been fun
to watch him progress into the leader is
today and and I think you'll have a good
cure for how about a touch here the
Holiday Bowl is obviously good my resume
just being more vocal or headed with
respect of my teammates but they all
knew I was a hard worker and I haven't
turned up a notch this offseason with
eating as much as I had that gay as much
weight as I have and just being
hardest-working core back in the country
i take pride
that I know this is the ymca I know this
is the big 12 big-time football and I
don't my job security is still up in the
air and I know that the 2015 guy the
2016 guys all competing for that I'm
just trying to separate myself I'm in
great coverage for the best throws of
the night